Docs: fix error in List.partition description (#517)
aeternity/aesophia: docs/sophia_stdlib.md

List.partition(p : 'a => bool, l : list('a)) : (list('a) * list('a))
```

> Separates elements of `l` that fulfill `p` and these that do not. Elements fulfilling predicate will be in the left/first list. For instance

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Separates elements of `l` that fulfill `p` and these that do not. Elements fulfilling the predicate will be in the first element of the returned tuple. For instance
```

I think it's clearer this way.

Author: It is, but it isn't inline withthe rest of the documentation. `tuple` is rarely mentioned...

But let's use it anyway.
